org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
org/apache/cordova/camera/ExifHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.ExifHelper
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
com/terikon/cordova/photolibrary/PhotoLibraryService.java
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$1
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$2
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$2$1
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$3
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$4
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$5
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$6
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$7
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$ChunkResultRunnable
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$FilePathRunnable
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$JSONObjectRunnable
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$PictureAsStream
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryService$PictureData
org/apache/cordova/media/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.FileHelper
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioPlayer.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$1
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$MODE
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$STATE
org/apache/cordova/mediacapture/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.FileHelper
com/terikon/cordova/photolibrary/PhotoLibrary.java
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibrary
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibrary$1
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibrary$1$1
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibrary$2
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibrary$3
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibrary$4
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibrary$5
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibrary$5$1
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibrary$6
nl/xservices/plugins/SocialSharing.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$1$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$2
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$2$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$2$3
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$3
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$3$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$4
 nl.xservices.plugins.SocialSharing$SocialSharingRunnable
org/apache/cordova/mediacapture/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.PendingRequests$Request
com/mostafa/previewanyfile/PreviewAnyFile.java
 com.mostafa.previewanyfile.PreviewAnyFile
com/disusered/Safe.java
 com.disusered.Safe
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioHandler.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$1
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileProvider.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileProvider
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
com/hutchind/cordova/plugins/streamingmedia/StreamingMedia.java
 com.hutchind.cordova.plugins.streamingmedia.StreamingMedia
 com.hutchind.cordova.plugins.streamingmedia.StreamingMedia$1
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
com/synconset/ImageFetcher.java
 com.synconset.ImageFetcher
 com.synconset.ImageFetcher$1
 com.synconset.ImageFetcher$2
 com.synconset.ImageFetcher$BitmapFetcherTask
 com.synconset.ImageFetcher$DownloadedDrawable
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
org/apache/cordova/mediacapture/Capture.java
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.Capture
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.Capture$1
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileTransfer.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$1
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$2
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$3
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$ExposedGZIPInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$RequestContext
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$SimpleTrackingInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$TrackingGZIPInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$TrackingInputStream
capacitor/android/plugins/BuildConfig.java
 capacitor.android.plugins.BuildConfig
com/hutchind/cordova/plugins/streamingmedia/SimpleAudioStream.java
 com.hutchind.cordova.plugins.streamingmedia.SimpleAudioStream
com/sarriaroman/PhotoViewer/PhotoViewer.java
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoViewer
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileProgressResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileProgressResult
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
org/apache/cordova/videoeditor/VideoEditor.java
 org.apache.cordova.videoeditor.VideoEditor
 org.apache.cordova.videoeditor.VideoEditor$1
 org.apache.cordova.videoeditor.VideoEditor$1$1
 org.apache.cordova.videoeditor.VideoEditor$2
org/apache/cordova/videoeditor/CustomAndroidFormatStrategy.java
 org.apache.cordova.videoeditor.CustomAndroidFormatStrategy
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileUploadResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileUploadResult
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
nl/xservices/plugins/FileProvider.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.FileProvider
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
nl/xservices/plugins/ShareChooserPendingIntent.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.ShareChooserPendingIntent
com/synconset/MultiImageChooserActivity.java
 com.synconset.MultiImageChooserActivity
 com.synconset.MultiImageChooserActivity$1
 com.synconset.MultiImageChooserActivity$2
 com.synconset.MultiImageChooserActivity$3
 com.synconset.MultiImageChooserActivity$4
 com.synconset.MultiImageChooserActivity$ImageAdapter
 com.synconset.MultiImageChooserActivity$OutputType
 com.synconset.MultiImageChooserActivity$ResizeImagesTask
 com.synconset.MultiImageChooserActivity$SquareImageView
com/synconset/ResultIPC.java
 com.synconset.ResultIPC
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
com/sarriaroman/PhotoViewer/PhotoActivity.java
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoActivity
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoActivity$1
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoActivity$2
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoActivity$3
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoActivity$4
 com.sarriaroman.PhotoViewer.PhotoActivity$4$1
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileHelper
org/apache/cordova/camera/CameraLauncher.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher$1
com/synconset/FakeR.java
 com.synconset.FakeR
com/terikon/cordova/photolibrary/PhotoLibraryGetLibraryOptions.java
 com.terikon.cordova.photolibrary.PhotoLibraryGetLibraryOptions
com/android/plugins/Permissions.java
 com.android.plugins.Permissions
 com.android.plugins.Permissions$1
 com.android.plugins.Permissions$2
com/megster/cordova/FileChooser.java
 com.megster.cordova.FileChooser
com/hutchind/cordova/plugins/streamingmedia/ImageLoadTask.java
 com.hutchind.cordova.plugins.streamingmedia.ImageLoadTask
com/hutchind/cordova/plugins/streamingmedia/SimpleVideoStream.java
 com.hutchind.cordova.plugins.streamingmedia.SimpleVideoStream
 com.hutchind.cordova.plugins.streamingmedia.SimpleVideoStream$1
com/hiddentao/cordova/filepath/FilePath.java
 com.hiddentao.cordova.filepath.FilePath
com/synconset/ImagePicker.java
 com.synconset.ImagePicker
